How's it going?
Found the deleted surveillance footage
Found it for me
Don't tell anyone we were here
Okay, Mr. Yan, I understand, hard work
That's fine.
This will prove Wen Li's innocence
Wenli, you can participate in the competition normally now.
I'm going to the UFC organizing committee now
Just wait for the notification.
This time is really troublesome for teachers and Ye
Uncle, thank you so much
I have finally waited for this day
Because of Li Guo
Convincing you to lose on the field
I would love it.
Okay, this thing finally comes to an end
If the next two of you
But it's time to prepare for the game
I'm sorry I don't have eyes when walking.
Look at you, get out of here
If you don't come out, I will smash your factory
It was you
What do you want?
Damn girl run
Why don't you run away
Last time I let you do black boxing
One more shot
Don't try to run
I have paid you back the money I owe you.
What else do you want?
That's up to you.
Liu Hongtao, why are you meeting again?
This underground boxing ring?
It's really about you
Are you the boss of Zhao Yuntao? You say yes, right?
I'll let you do it.
To get you to pay off that loan shark
Didn't I already return it to you?
What more do you want?
You little bitch
How can I talk to our Mr. Liu?
You still owe us a right
Can it still be the previous price?
At least 10 times
Rumeng will never fight black fists without agreeing to the teacher?
Let it go
Don't you want to know your biological mother?
Dear, who is it? What did you say?